[docs] Updates for DI tweaks (#4127)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: docs/trace/extending-the-sdk/README.md

extension methods can target either the `TracerProviderBuilder` or the
`IServiceCollection` classes. Both of these patterns are described below.

**Note:** Libraries providing SDK plugins such as exporters, resource detectors,

> and/or samplers should take a dependency on the SDK (`OpenTelemetry.dll`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and/or samplers should take a dependency on the [OpenTelemetry SDK package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/opentelemetry)
```

Author: Updated thx

package. Library authors providing instrumentation should take a dependency on
`OpenTelemetry.Api` or `OpenTelemetry.Api.ProviderBuilderExtensions` package.
`OpenTelemetry.Api.ProviderBuilderExtensions` exposes interfaces for accessing
the `IServiceCollection` which is a requirement for supporting the [.NET Options

> pattern](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/extensions/options).

Reviewer: hint that this is highly recommended, but not a requirement.

Author: Right below this there is more info about the options pattern and why authors should support it. Check that out and let me know if you still want more detail here.

> pattern](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/extensions/options).

Author: @cijothomas I added this section based on your comments on the other PR. I think it is well enough to keep it simple [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/3a491b14b24c2560e27ff0b74f86359e9e0d4063/src/OpenTelemetry.Api.ProviderBuilderExtensions/README.md?plain=1#L19-L23) and let the link have more details but let me know your thoughts.
